predict_index	16	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo	in
neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
execute

predict_index	16	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo	out
get_attr out y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   in 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
execute


predict_index	8	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo	in
get_attr in y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
execute

predict_index	16	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo	out
get_attr y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   in 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
execute

predict_index	16	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo	out
neighbors   in 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   in 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
execute


predict_index	16	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo	in
neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
execute




neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   in 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo

neighbors   in 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   in 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   out 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo

predict_index	8	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo	out
neighbors   in 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo
neighbors   in 	y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo


select * where { ?p y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo ?p1 . 
?p1 y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo ?p2 . 
?p2 y:hasInternalWikipediaLinkTo ?p3 . }

p->p1->p2->p3